hey guys Jonathan here was TLD with an
early unboxing of the iphone 5 now
personally I don't get my until tomorrow
but we got the hook up for you guys from
our buddy from down unda Mohamed that's
a terrible Australian accent but he's
going to get you guys an early access up
close look and I'm boxing at the iphone
5 he does a fantastic job with his
production quality audio his video so I
think you guys will enjoy this video if
he did make sure hit that like button
and show him some love by checking out
his channel at the end of this video
he's gonna have all sorts of related
content iphone test camera all that good
stuff so go to enjoy this video and i
will see you guys tomorrow thanks
Jonathan for the great intro yes I am
Muhammad from the product feedback
channel and boy do I have an exclusive
for you today i bring you one of the
first iphone 5 unboxings in the world
let's get straight into this as i know
you're itching to see this bad boy the
box in traditional apple style is
minimalist by elegant at the same time
slicing it open we slide off the top
cover to reveal the new iphone 5 we'll
just put it to the side for now but
don't worry we'll take a closer look at
it in a second let's reveal what else is
inside the box Apple includes the newly
designed earpods earpods regardless they
are nicely packaged in a separate box I
know Jonathan had an unboxing of these
on this channel so i won't bore you with
that also included is the australian
power brick for you American will be the
American version and USB cable however
the USB cable is different say goodbye
to your 30 pin connector and hello to
lightning bolt I really like how it's a
two-way cable so it doesn't matter that
you connect the cable in either way
grateful fumbling around at night
however I'm a bit disappointed that is
not a micro USB connection now that all
the boring things out of the way let's
take a closer look at this iphone 5 one
of the first things i noticed just how
darn light it is ripping off their
protection on the front and the back
shows us the new 4-inch display as far
as i can tell it still works very well
one-handed i can easily reach the top on
the back also they have a slight change
over the 4s with a flat color black with
the top and bottom surrounded in a glass
what do you guys think during this will
be better to drop
obviously there is heaps more content
you guys want to see from the new apple
iphone 5 feel free to head over to my
channel to watch some more videos such
as the video talk taking a closer look
at the iphone 5s hardware and new iOS
features also subscribe so I can bring
you more exclusive like this Mohamed out
and peace be with you